Update framework-components.md in tandem with #371 (#373)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/core-concepts/framework-components.md

</MySidebar>
```

⚠️ *Note that framework components themselves (e.g. `.jsx`, `.svelte`) cannot mix multiple frameworks.*

This allows you to build entire "apps" in your preferred JavaScript framework and render them, via a parent component, to an Astro page. This is a convenient pattern to allow related components to share state or context.

> Each framework has its own patterns for nesting: `children` props and _render props_ for React and Solid; `<slot>` with or without names for Svelte and Vue, for example. Note, however, that when you include a framework component in an astro component, you can't use render props or named slots, even if the framework component supports it. This is due to a limitation in Astro's compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each framework has its own patterns for nesting: `children` props and render props for React and Solid; `<slot>` with or without names for Svelte and Vue, for example. Note, however, that when you include a framework component in an astro component, you can't use render props or named slots, even if the framework component supports it. This is due to a limitation in Astro's compiler.
```

> Each framework has its own patterns for nesting: `children` props and _render props_ for React and Solid; `<slot>` with or without names for Svelte and Vue, for example. Note, however, that when you include a framework component in an astro component, you can't use _render props_ or _named slots_, even if the framework component supports it. This is due to a limitation in Astro's compiler.

Reviewer 2: Each framework has its own patterns for nesting: `children props` and render props for React and Solid; `<slot>` with or without names for Svelte and Vue, for example. Note, however, that when you include a framework component in an astro component, you can't use render props or named slots, even if the framework component supports it. This is due to a limitation in Astro's compiler.

> Each framework has its own patterns for nesting: `children` props and _render props_ for React and Solid; `<slot>` with or without names for Svelte and Vue, for example. Note, however, that when you include a framework component in an astro component, you can't use _render props_ or _named slots_, even if the framework component supports it. This is due to a limitation in Astro's compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each framework has its own patterns for nesting: `children` props and _render props_ for React and Solid; `<slot>` with or without names for Svelte and Vue, for example. Note, however, that when you include a framework component in an astro component, you can't use render props or named slots, even if the framework component supports it. This is due to a limitation in Astro's compiler.
```

This allows you to build entire "apps" in your preferred JavaScript framework and render them, via a parent component, to an Astro page. This is a convenient pattern to allow related components to share state or context.

> Each framework has its own patterns for nesting: `children` props and render props for React and Solid; `<slot>` with or without names for Svelte and Vue, for example. Note, however, that when you include a framework component in an astro component, you can't use render props or named slots, even if the framework component supports it. This is due to a limitation in Astro's compiler.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each framework has its own patterns for nesting: `children` props and [render props](https://reactjs.org/docs/render-props.html) for React and Solid; `<slot>` with or without names for Svelte and Vue, for example. Note, however, that you can't pass render props or named slots to a framework component from a `.astro` file, even if the framework component supports it. This is due to a limitation in Astro's compiler.
```
